Add support for automatic rollback of asynchronous transactions from an old term when synchronous replication is used (#10461)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-7486-deprecate-replication_synchro_timeout.md

## feature/replication

* This patch allows the `replication_synchro_timeout` option to be set to 0,
  which means an infinite timeout.
* A new compat option `box_cfg_replication_synchro_timeout` has been added.
  This option is `'old'` by default. `box_cfg_replication_synchro_timeout` can
  only be set to `'new'` if `replication_synchro_timeout` is already set to 0.

>   With new behavior, option `replication_synchro_timeout` deprecated (it can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With the new behavior, option `replication_synchro_timeout` is deprecated (it can
```

Author: @Astronomax please address these comments in the scope of #9869.

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

  only take the value 0).

> * A new `replication_synchro_queue_max_size` option puts a limit on the number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new `replication_synchro_queue_max_size` option limits the number
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed.
